He is wearing a seatbelt.	0
He is not wearing a seatbelt.	0
The man is lifting weights at the gym.	1
They are having a picnic in the park.	1
He is presenting his project to the team.	1
She is watering the plants in the garden.	1
The kids are playing with toys in the nursery.	1
She is painting a landscape on the canvas.	1
The athletes are competing in the tournament.	1
The boy is riding a bicycle.	1
She is listening to the lecture attentively.	1
The boy is not riding a bicycle.	0
She is not listening to the lecture attentively.	0
The man is not lifting weights at the gym.	0
They are not having a picnic in the park.	0
He is not presenting his project to the team.	0
She is not watering the plants in the garden.	0
The kids are not playing with toys in the nursery.	0
The boy is not riding a bicycle.	0
She is not listening to the lecture attentively.	0
The man is not lifting weights at the gym.	0
They are not having a picnic in the park.	0
He is not presenting his project to the team.	0
She is not watering the plants in the garden.	0
The kids are not playing with toys in the nursery.	0
He is not typing on his laptop at the cafe.	0
She is not painting a landscape on the canvas.	0
The athletes are not competing in the tournament.	0
She is not painting a landscape on the canvas.	0
The athletes are not competing in the tournament.	0
He is reading a book in the library.	1
She is cooking dinner in the kitchen.	1
The students are studying for their exams.	1
They are dancing at the party.	1
He is swimming laps in the pool.	1
She is jogging in the park for exercise.	1
The musicians are performing on stage.	1
He is solving a puzzle at the table.	1
She is knitting a sweater by the fireplace.	1
The children are playing hide and seek.	1
He is not reading a book in the library.	0
She is not cooking dinner in the kitchen.	0
The students are not studying for their exams.	0
They are not dancing at the party.	0
He is not swimming laps in the pool.	0
She is not jogging in the park for exercise.	0
The musicians are not performing on stage.	0
He is not solving a puzzle at the table.	0
She is not knitting a sweater by the fireplace.	0
The children are not playing hide and seek.	0
She is practicing yoga on the beach.	1
He is playing chess with his grandfather.	1
The team is celebrating their victory.	1
They are hiking through the forest.	1
She is baking cookies for the bake sale.	1
He is fixing the car engine in the garage.	1
The band is rehearsing for their concert.	1
She is writing a poem in her notebook.	1
He is building a treehouse for his children.	1
The family is enjoying a movie night.	1
She is not practicing yoga on the beach.	0
He is not playing chess with his grandfather.	0
The team is not celebrating their victory.	0
They are not hiking through the forest.	0
She is not baking cookies for the bake sale.	0
He is not fixing the car engine in the garage.	0
The band is not rehearsing for their concert.	0
She is not writing a poem in her notebook.	0
He is not building a treehouse for his children.	0
The family is not enjoying a movie night.	0
She is gardening in her backyard.	1
He is tutoring a student in math.	1
The group is volunteering at the food bank.	1
They are sailing across the ocean.	1
She is designing a website for her client.	1
He is training for a marathon.	1
The orchestra is performing a symphony.	1
She is learning a new language online.	1
He is coaching a little league team.	1
The friends are playing board games.	1
She is not gardening in her backyard.	0
He is not tutoring a student in math.	0
The group is not volunteering at the food bank.	0
They are not sailing across the ocean.	0
She is not designing a website for her client.	0
He is not training for a marathon.	0
The orchestra is not performing a symphony.	0
She is not learning a new language online.	0
He is not coaching a little league team.	0
The friends are not playing board games.	0
She is painting a portrait of her friend.	1
He is composing music on the piano.	1
The dancers are preparing for a recital.	1
They are exploring an ancient ruin.	1
She is writing a novel on her laptop.	1
He is conducting an experiment in the lab.	1
The chefs are preparing a gourmet meal.	1
She is photographing a wedding.	1
He is sculpting a statue from clay.	1
The campers are roasting marshmallows.	1
She is not painting a portrait of her friend.	0
He is not composing music on the piano.	0
The dancers are not preparing for a recital.	0
They are not exploring an ancient ruin.	0
She is not writing a novel on her laptop.	0
He is not conducting an experiment in the lab.	0
The chefs are not preparing a gourmet meal.	0
She is not photographing a wedding.	0
He is not sculpting a statue from clay.	0
The campers are not roasting marshmallows.	0
The driver is carefully wearing glasses while driving.	1
Glasses are visible on the driver's face in the image.	1
You can clearly see the driver wearing glasses in the picture.	1
The driver is sporting a pair of glasses in the snapshot.	1
The image shows the driver with glasses on.	1
The driver is adorned with glasses, clearly visible in the shot.	1
The driver's glasses are a prominent feature in the image.	1
The photograph captures the driver wearing glasses.	1
The driver is effortlessly rocking glasses in the image.	1
The image portrays the driver with glasses, in focus.	1
The driver is not wearing glasses in the provided image.	0
There are no glasses on the driver's face in the photo.	0
You cannot see the driver wearing glasses in this picture.	0
The driver is not donning glasses in the displayed snapshot.	0
The image clearly indicates that the driver is without glasses.	0
The driver appears without glasses in the photo.	0
No glasses are present on the driver in the provided snapshot.	0
The image shows the driver is currently not wearing glasses.	0
The driver is seen without glasses in the picture.	0
The photograph is evidence that the driver is not wearing glasses.	0